docs/src/qadic.md, before:

```@meta
CurrentModule = Nemo
```

# Qadics

Q-adic fields, that is, unramified extensions of p-adic fields, are provided in
Nemo by Flint. This allows construction of $q$-adic fields for any prime power
$q$.

Q-adic fields are constructed using the `FlintQadicField` function. However,
for convenience we define

```
QadicField = FlintQadicField
```

so that $q$-adic fields can be constructed using `QadicField` rather than
`FlintQadicField`. Note that this is the name of the constructor, but not of
qadic field type.

The types of $q$-adic fields in Nemo are given in the following table, along
with the libraries that provide them and the associated types of the parent
objects.

 Library | Field            | Element type | Parent type
---------|----------------|----------------|---------------------
Flint    | $\mathbb{Q}_q$ | `qadic`        | `QadicField`

All the $q$-adic field types belong to the `Field` abstract type and the
$q$-adic field element types belong to the `FieldElem` abstract type.

## P-adic functionality

Q-adic fields in Nemo implement the AbstractAlgebra.jl field interface.

<https://nemocas.github.io/AbstractAlgebra.jl/latest/fields>

Below, we document all the additional function that is provide by Nemo for p-adic
fields.

### Constructors

In order to construct $q$-adic field elements in Nemo, one must first construct
the $q$-adic field itself. This is accomplished with one of the following
constructors.

```@docs
FlintQadicField(::Integer, ::Int, ::Int)
```

It is also possible to call the inner constructor directly. It has the following
form.

```
FlintQadicField(p::fmpz, d::Int, prec::Int)
```

Returns the parent object for the $q$-adic field for given prime $p$ and degree
$d$, where the default absolute precision of elements of the field is given by
`prec`.

Here are some examples of creating $q$-adic fields and making use of the
resulting parent objects to coerce various elements into those fields.

**Examples**

```julia
R = QadicField(7, 1, 30)
S = QadicField(ZZ(65537), 1, 30)

a = R()
b = S(1)
c = S(ZZ(123))
d = R(ZZ(1)//7^2)
```

### Big-oh notation

Elements of p-adic fields can  be constructed using the big-oh notation. For this
purpose we define the following functions.

```@docs
O(::FlintQadicField, ::Integer)
O(::FlintQadicField, ::fmpz)
O(::FlintQadicField, ::fmpq)
```

The $O(p^n)$ construction can be used to construct $q$-adic values of precision
$n$ by adding it to integer values representing the $q$-adic value modulo
$p^n$ as in the examples.

**Examples**

```julia
R = QadicField(7, 30)
S = QadicField(ZZ(65537), 30)

c = 1 + 2*7 + 4*7^2 + O(R, 7^3)
d = 13 + 357*ZZ(65537) + O(S, ZZ(65537)^12)
f = ZZ(1)//7^2 + ZZ(2)//7 + 3 + 4*7 + O(R, 7^2)
```

Beware that the expression `1 + 2*p + 3*p^2 + O(R, p^n)` is actually computed
as a normal Julia expression. Therefore if `{Int}` values are used instead
of Flint integers or Julia bignums, overflow may result in evaluating the
value.

### Basic manipulation

```@docs
prime(::FlintQadicField)
```

```@docs
precision(::qadic)
```

```@docs
valuation(::qadic)
```

```@docs
lift(::FmpqPolyRing, ::qadic)
lift(::FmpzPolyRing, ::qadic)
```

**Examples**

```julia
R = QadicField(7, 1, 30)

a = 1 + 2*7 + 4*7^2 + O(R, 7^3)
b = 7^2 + 3*7^3 + O(R, 7^5)
c = R(2)

k = precision(a)
m = prime(R)
n = valuation(b)
Qx, x = FlintQQ["x"]
p = lift(Qx, a)
Zy, y = FlintZZ["y"]
q = lift(Zy, divexact(a, b))
```

### Square root

```@docs
Base.sqrt(::qadic)
```

**Examples**

```julia
R = QadicField(7, 1, 30)

a = 1 + 7 + 2*7^2 + O(R, 7^3)
b = 2 + 3*7 + O(R, 7^5)
c = 7^2 + 2*7^3 + O(R, 7^4)

d = sqrt(a)
f = sqrt(b)
f = sqrt(c)
g = sqrt(R(121))
```

### Special functions

```@docs
Base.exp(::qadic)
```

```@docs
log(::qadic)
```

```@docs
teichmuller(::qadic)
```

```@docs
frobenius(::qadic, ::Int)
```

**Examples**

```julia
R = QadicField(7, 30)

a = 1 + 7 + 2*7^2 + O(R, 7^3)
b = 2 + 5*7 + 3*7^2 + O(R, 7^3)
c = 3*7 + 2*7^2 + O(R, 7^5)

c = exp(c)
d = log(a)
c = exp(R(0))
d = log(R(1))
f = teichmuller(b)
g = frobenius(a, 2)
```

Commit message:

make QadicField also return the generator
like all other structures...

docs/src/qadic.md, after:

```@meta
CurrentModule = Nemo
```

# Qadics

Q-adic fields, that is, unramified extensions of p-adic fields, are provided in
Nemo by Flint. This allows construction of $q$-adic fields for any prime power
$q$.

Q-adic fields are constructed using the `FlintQadicField` function. However,
for convenience we define

```
QadicField = FlintQadicField
```

so that $q$-adic fields can be constructed using `QadicField` rather than
`FlintQadicField`. Note that this is the name of the constructor, but not of
qadic field type.

The types of $q$-adic fields in Nemo are given in the following table, along
with the libraries that provide them and the associated types of the parent
objects.

 Library | Field            | Element type | Parent type
---------|----------------|----------------|---------------------
Flint    | $\mathbb{Q}_q$ | `qadic`        | `QadicField`

All the $q$-adic field types belong to the `Field` abstract type and the
$q$-adic field element types belong to the `FieldElem` abstract type.

## P-adic functionality

Q-adic fields in Nemo implement the AbstractAlgebra.jl field interface.

<https://nemocas.github.io/AbstractAlgebra.jl/latest/fields>

Below, we document all the additional function that is provide by Nemo for p-adic
fields.

### Constructors

In order to construct $q$-adic field elements in Nemo, one must first construct
the $q$-adic field itself. This is accomplished with one of the following
constructors.

```@docs
FlintQadicField(::Integer, ::Int, ::Int)
```

It is also possible to call the inner constructor directly. It has the following
form.

```
FlintQadicField(p::fmpz, d::Int, prec::Int)
```

Returns the parent object for the $q$-adic field for given prime $p$ and degree
$d$, where the default absolute precision of elements of the field is given by
`prec`. It also return the uniformizer `p` with the default precision.

Here are some examples of creating $q$-adic fields and making use of the
resulting parent objects to coerce various elements into those fields.

**Examples**

```julia
R, p = QadicField(7, 1, 30)
S, _ = QadicField(ZZ(65537), 1, 30)

a = R()
b = S(1)
c = S(ZZ(123))
d = R(ZZ(1)//7^2)
```

### Big-oh notation

Elements of p-adic fields can  be constructed using the big-oh notation. For this
purpose we define the following functions.

```@docs
O(::FlintQadicField, ::Integer)
O(::FlintQadicField, ::fmpz)
O(::FlintQadicField, ::fmpq)
```

The $O(p^n)$ construction can be used to construct $q$-adic values of precision
$n$ by adding it to integer values representing the $q$-adic value modulo
$p^n$ as in the examples.

**Examples**

```julia
R, _ = QadicField(7, 30)
S, _ = QadicField(ZZ(65537), 30)

c = 1 + 2*7 + 4*7^2 + O(R, 7^3)
d = 13 + 357*ZZ(65537) + O(S, ZZ(65537)^12)
f = ZZ(1)//7^2 + ZZ(2)//7 + 3 + 4*7 + O(R, 7^2)
```

Beware that the expression `1 + 2*p + 3*p^2 + O(R, p^n)` is actually computed
as a normal Julia expression. Therefore if `{Int}` values are used instead
of Flint integers or Julia bignums, overflow may result in evaluating the
value.

### Basic manipulation

```@docs
prime(::FlintQadicField)
```

```@docs
precision(::qadic)
```

```@docs
valuation(::qadic)
```

```@docs
lift(::FmpqPolyRing, ::qadic)
lift(::FmpzPolyRing, ::qadic)
```

**Examples**

```julia
R, _ = QadicField(7, 1, 30)

a = 1 + 2*7 + 4*7^2 + O(R, 7^3)
b = 7^2 + 3*7^3 + O(R, 7^5)
c = R(2)

k = precision(a)
m = prime(R)
n = valuation(b)
Qx, x = FlintQQ["x"]
p = lift(Qx, a)
Zy, y = FlintZZ["y"]
q = lift(Zy, divexact(a, b))
```

### Square root

```@docs
Base.sqrt(::qadic)
```

**Examples**

```julia
R, _ = QadicField(7, 1, 30)

a = 1 + 7 + 2*7^2 + O(R, 7^3)
b = 2 + 3*7 + O(R, 7^5)
c = 7^2 + 2*7^3 + O(R, 7^4)

d = sqrt(a)
f = sqrt(b)
f = sqrt(c)
g = sqrt(R(121))
```

### Special functions

```@docs
Base.exp(::qadic)
```

```@docs
log(::qadic)
```

```@docs
teichmuller(::qadic)
```

```@docs
frobenius(::qadic, ::Int)
```

**Examples**

```julia
R, _ = QadicField(7, 30)

a = 1 + 7 + 2*7^2 + O(R, 7^3)
b = 2 + 5*7 + 3*7^2 + O(R, 7^3)
c = 3*7 + 2*7^2 + O(R, 7^5)

c = exp(c)
d = log(a)
c = exp(R(0))
d = log(R(1))
f = teichmuller(b)
g = frobenius(a, 2)
```
